so today i will show you how
very easy to get many many things
gold cubesumium
And this is not a cheat go Vkontakte
so we have one such person
Natalia Fadeeva
here we go to her page and here it is necessary
add as friend
as you can see she has no followers at all
and that's when she is online and here she has a lot
things for the coins and now need to add it
friends agree to go to the booth and
I'll show you the evidence now
take off
long throw
city
remember
now
pereziidu
legs and turns the very bottom of shooting
here
this bullshit
I want to do
finally uploaded punish me
very slow will not
complain
firstly due to the fact that very very
a lot of things i did poor quality
it was faster to put on a simple
applying
here is one card to his students
here is the network I will not activate
but here's how you see he is there
left a lot of respawn
me
so well, here she set me a bunch of armored personnel carriers
a bunch of respawns but ossetia marriage and
put a little since my card
very slow it is not necessary to remove and
delete and delete mainly leave
you have seen everything in my inventory now
and so much gold
here drink one golden
just one if you don't believe
see things I have not infinite everything
here she did
if you want to get these things then
kindly requested not to burn and and her
Now somewhere 8 thousands of coins she
told so here and all thanks to all
for watching bye